I mean it was a gig in Sheffield for the
role who live in Rove but we're not
first demos it was great I mean the
band's interviewer good bands is 50p but
because there's no policy on the we
booked but after about 12 weeks or so
and we bands are using that gig for
their first gig and something across
control actually killed ripped up about
50 P to see someone don't shoot me on
stage yet you know so then it stops
going on the gigs dead last in effect a
lot of groups don't let's see let's see
the gap between good doing riskier a
local permanent and they see the big
time they decide who seemed to decide
these diseases to go straight for what
they perceived to be the top get the
package together
don't even bother playing two incredibly
expensive recording studio
state-of-the-art and one massive video
learn complex with everything and now
the building to Rio salute in fact I
think that's just about fell through as
well I think the council be better off
spending money on some smaller studios
two or three giving the facilities that
lots of local bands to use the studios
for what they need that was expensive
and to make record but it's strange
there's no full-time 24 track
professional studio in Sheffield I mean
letters like Manchester live
liberals Gamez and even Edinburgh and
Glasgow I've got all better facilities
for Sheffield house
that could be did you a graphical
position now because for those bands in
Scotland it would be unwaged to the
local media do enough to promote local
groups they have a go but I don't really
know what's up you know and to be honest
there isn't a great deal going on at the
moment there's not a lot they can do
this different advertising if you're a
really big group you advertise to let
your fans know that maybe a record
coming out in advance I think if your
own if you're totally unknown group it's
useful just to put your name about just
so people can see it but I think you G
RIA in the Middle where appetising
doesn't really do anything
yeah he always has the right to Liberty
so regardless of the record come you up
you know if you make making music and
you want to get to custom more people
you should do the means available
problem in this ruse you never know how
you perceived by the people to
controlling to image it's a really
dangerous thing because you got to live
with it